[Music]
only schizophrenic sand geniuses can
answer these three questions the way a
person answers the most straightforward
questions can reveal a lot about them
and about what's going on in their head
questions are used all around the world
by psychologists to find out whether an
individual is a genius or needs
professional help or both you will say
all right so if I answer these questions
correctly does it mean my place is in a
Lyceum of course it does not in prison
times people become more creative so
your answers will just prove that you
have a creative mind that's my story and
I'm sticking to it we've discovered
three tricky questions that can
determine your true personality who are
you Mad Hatter or Salvador Dali each
question will have a countdown of ten
seconds all you have to do is just look
at the pictures and try to figure out
what's in common in these two the
correct answer will appear right after
ten seconds so you'll be able to compare
it with yours and draw your own
conclusions wait until the end and we
will reveal how this method works also
we'll show you a bonus question that
will identify how creative you are and
how fast your brain is shall we begin
okay let's go ahead here's your first
question what do a kettle and a
steamboat have in common
[Music]
I'll give you 10 seconds to think so are
you ready for the right answer
it is steam okay let's go forward here's
question - what - a racecar and a
tornado have in common any ideas here
are your 10 seconds
so here's the right answer they move in
circles all right number three that's
the most difficult one what do a shoe
and a pencil have in common
[Music]
ready go
do you know the answer they both leave
behind a trace of their presence kind of
like a skunk or maybe a snail oh well
how many correct answers have you got if
none there's no need to worry your state
of mind is completely healthy
they except for that one over there but
if they turned out to be completely
simple then you may have an inclination
towards psychological problems and it
may be worth seeking professional advice
to make sure everything's okay now
this kind of test is an example of the
contra position method which is used to
reveal the extent of someone's awareness
if someone with a standard mine is asked
the question what to a crow and a desk
have in common
they'll probably answer nothing to some
extent they're correct in general these
two things can't be compared now someone
with schizophrenia on the other hand
immediately searches for less prominent
deeper connections between the two
objects without too much thinking they
might exclaim that people write letters
at their desks and a crow has feathers
that can be used to write with ah but
how can you tell the difference between
a schizophrenic person and a real genius
the difference is that the former will
answer such questions immediately
whereas a genius will need to
concentrate discard the first most
obvious and least interesting ideas that
come into their head and come up with a
truly unique answer now where your
answers unique share your results in the
comments now it's time for the bonus
let's see how creative you are and how
fast your brain is
take a look at this picture what animal
do you see I'll give you ten seconds
again so most of the people see the duck
first however then they switch to the
rabbit which is also a correct answer
what does it mean the key is how easily
you can switch your consciousness from
one image to another and that's the
identifier how creative you are this
switch is like a creative flash inside
your brain which changes your perception
of the reality it helps to understand
that the world can be seen in different
ways so are you a new James Cameron or
Albert Einstein did you enjoy our simple
tests share your results in the comments
and hit the like button below the video
don't forget to click subscribe to join
us on the bright side of life